1.	
The first mistake with the calculation is the inclusion of significant outliers at shops 42 and 78. While this data set was small enough to notice them by inspection, this would not be the case in a larger one---so, I removed transactions with amounts or item counts over 3 standard deviations away from mean.  This was a good decision because shop 42 ended up having a few legitimate transactions at an average item count of 1.85 that would have been lost had I completely wiped all its transactions. 
Looking at the transactions that were removed, it seems that shop 78 is a luxury store at over $25k per pair, and that shop 42 is selling in bulk, possibly supplying another merchant. My recommendation would be to reclassify these merchants as such and remove them from the sneaker dataset.
Calculating AOV is trivial after this, and it comes out to $302.58. However, I’m not satisfied with this result as it fails to contextualize sales in a way that is helpful to merchants, particularly given the industry of sneaker sales. Take shop 2 as an example: Operating on the lower end of the price range, they would have to sell about a full extra pair per transaction to reach this “industry average” $302.58 per order. But, looking at average item count per shop, we see that across 99 stores consumers trend to about 2 items per transaction. Shop 2 raising their average item count by 1 is simply not realistic.
So, I took the sum of all order amounts and divided it by the sum of all item counts to get an average spend per pair of shoes---$151.69. Then, by dividing their shoe price by this average, merchants can compare the value of their shoe as a percentage of the “Standard Shoe” to see if they’re getting the most value they can out of every sale. So, returning to shop 2, we see that they price their shoe at 62% of the “Standard Shoe.” Then, their realistic AOV target is 0.62 * $302.58 = $187.60. 
If a merchant feels that their product is fairly valued at X%, they know that their growth target should be increase marketing spend to drive sales. If they feel that X% is an undervaluation, they know that their growth target is to raise prices to what they feel is a proper representation of their product. If they feel that X% is an overvaluation… well, they have empirical evidence that their marketing is working.
By reporting a percentage valuation and target AOV per shop, we can provide more tailored, useful, and actionable data for merchants to put to use.

2a: SELECT COUNT(*) as "Orders shipped by Speedy Express" FROM Orders WHERE ShipperID = 1;
	Return: “Orders shipped by Speedy Express” 54
2b: SELECT LastName AS “Employee with Most Orders” FROM Employees WHERE EmployeeID=(SELECT TOP 1 EmployeeID FROM Orders GROUP BY EmployeeID ORDER BY EmployeeID Desc);
	Return: “Employee with Most Orders” Dodsworth
2c: SELECT TOP 1 ProductID AS "Most Ordered Product in Germany" FROM OrderDetails WHERE OrderID IN (SELECT OrderID FROM Orders WHERE CustomerID IN (SELECT CustomerID FROM Customers WHERE Country='Germany')) GROUP BY ProductID ORDER BY sum(Quantity) DESC;
	Return: “Most Ordered Product in Germany” 40
